mr. Marlowe yes mr. Winslow Wong is
freaking out he's trying to make trouble
for mr. Philip Marlowe what Wong doesn't
know is that Marlo's a tough guide from
the word is UI cool cat well the word is
wrong I get all the pieces over nothing
[Music]
James Garner is Marleau and Marlow comes
on strong car
[Music]
b-big you want me to make statement
that's the story mama is to be voluntary
and without coercion door rules right I
won't lie to you lieutenant
all right MA no not yet looked at but I
didn't have enough trouble I gotta worry
about you too maybe suppressing
information concealing evidence oh yeah
your license is dead as of now Marlo's
the man who asks the questions did you
mother know what you do for a living
Marlo's the man who's asked to give the
answers I do know about that
I'm a trained okay can I buy you what's
your price how much 100 a day and
expenses are you hard to occupy but
don't forget you're a lady
they're nice fleshy uncomplicated girls
turn you on are you just a little gay
eventually so wonderful I'm a trainee
paper
[Music]
[Applause]
welcome to Marlo country it's a nice
place to visit but you would want to
miss
you